Cluster	Account	Program	SOW ID	Project Name	Project Type	Delivery Responsibilty	Technology	Leadership Attention Required	Risk Name	Risk Class	Risk Element	Risk Attribute	Risk Consequence	Project Impact	Client Impact	Mitigation / Contingency Plan	Risk Source									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0006-01-00	Service Desk	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	There is no capping on the monthly ticket volume  in contract	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Affects the manpower dimensioning and SLAs agreed 	SLA breaches and Service credits	N/A	Revisit the SOW and add a clause in contract	DM Review									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0006-01-00	Service Desk	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Exceptional scenarios which results in uncharacteristic surge in volume of tickets are not considered in the contract.	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	SLA breaches	SLA breaches and Service credits	N/A	Revisit the SOW for adding this changes or exclude those tickets while calculating the SLAs	DM Review									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0006-01-00	Service Desk	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Low EBITDA and no clear road map for increasing net margin	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C1.Financials 	Low net margin	Due to low initial pricing and increase in operational/resource cost low  net margin	N/A	Revisit the pricing for SD1 engagement or reduce the operational cost to maintain the same in coming years.	DM Review									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0010-01-00	Managed Services Desktop Propo	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Multiple sources of tickets and its consolidation is done manually and prone to errors.	A1.Program	B3.Dependency	C1.Dependency Tracking 	Multiple sources of tickets and its consolidation is done manually is prone to errors.	Additional effort required and prone to errors	Additional effort required and prone to errors	"Multiple sources like Email, Chat, Slack etc are there for issue reporting. Need to take it up with Adobe to integrate all channels to ServiceNow for automatic ticket creation to avoid manual tracking and human errors."	DM Review									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0010-01-00	Managed Services Desktop Propo	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	No capping on the monthly ticket volume in contract	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	" Affect the manpower dimensioning and SLAs agreed, if any surges occur in ticket volume. "	SLA breaches and Service credits	NA	Need to take it up with Adobe to include the capping or exclusion on SLA calaculation if its exceed beyond a particular number of tickets in a month	DM Review									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0010-01-00	Managed Services Desktop Propo	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Third party dependencies no tracked /excluded in SLA calculation	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C2.Status Reporting 	SLA breaches and service credits	SLA breaches and Service credits	NA	Need to incorporate metrics for third party dependencies  or to be excluded from  SLA breaches	DM Review									
Hitech2	Adobe Systems Incorporated	Adobe Systems Incorporated	ADOB-0010-01-00	Managed Services Desktop Propo	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Critical resource Mapping	A3.Team	B1.Expertise	C4.PM Expertise 	Delay in deliverables	Delay in deliverables	Delay in deliverables	 Need to identify the key resource and talent refresh to be done to take care of any untoward incident due to pandemic.	DM Review									
Retail	Retail Business Services LLC	Ahold	AHOL-0087-01-01	ScanIT App Managed Services En	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	handheld (h/w based) testing is moved fully to onsite client lab 	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C12.Deliverables	which has affected the business continuity plan in place. The client has accepted this risk as network changes cannot be done to connect from home. This will be restored back to offshore once the pandemic is over. Offshore is handling mobile testing	Onsite needs to work on Joya related changes	Joya work needs to be streamlined based on onsite availability	"Client accepting the risk as they are not wiling to open the network to access from home.
Offshore to work on Joya once pandemic is over."	DM Review									
Retail	Retail Business Services LLC	Ahold	AHOL-0087-01-01	ScanIT App Managed Services En	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	Risk of Attrition	A3.Team	B5.Attrition	C1.Attrition in the Team	The stability of the team will be impacted.	Challenges in project delivery and support	Client abberations.	"However, this should be manageable considering the cross-skilling practice in the team."	DM Review									
FSG	Athene	Athene	ATHE-0054-01-01	Interim Work order- Athene Dat	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Networking & OS	No	No Monitoring tool for some infrastructure elements	A4.Infrastructure	B2.Software	C5.Open Source 	Missing critcal alarms	Monitoring	Network avaialbility	Complete the new monitoring tool at the earliest	DM Review									
Retail	Costco Wholesale Corporation	Costco Wholesale Corporation	COST-0421-80-00	Depot and Warehouse Solution S	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	AS-400	No	Regression testing not done for defect fixes	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C3.Functional Coverage 	which could potentially lead to organic defects in production.	quality is compromised 	quality is compromised 	Regression Testcases to be included with Unit Testing	DM Review									
Retail	Costco Wholesale Corporation	Costco Wholesale Corporation	COST-0421-80-00	Depot and Warehouse Solution S	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	AS-400	No	Attrition risk and team morale	A3.Team	B1.Expertise	C1.Domain Expertise 	"could impact team morale. There is a potential chance for attrition. In addition to this, Costco is also hiring UST SME?s which could impact UST domain and UST?s presence in this area. "	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Retail	Costco Wholesale Corporation	Costco Wholesale Corporation	COST-0421-80-00	Depot and Warehouse Solution S	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	AS-400	No	Attrition risk	A3.Team	B5.Attrition	C1.Attrition in the Team	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Retail	Costco Wholesale Corporation	Costco Wholesale Corporation	COST-0708-21-00	SAP - iSeries Merchandise Inte	Testing Solution	Joint Managed	Testing	No	No seamless collaboration with multiple modules/teams with respect to the overall program scope 	A1.Program	B6.Quality	C1.Reviews 	Limiting the team?s role in end-to-end integration testing	End-to-end integration testing	Quality deliverables	Regular review calls with multiple modules/teams with respect to the overall program scope 	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0029-07-00	Legacy Application Managed Service	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	Extension of RFP	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Contract extension	Contract extension	TBD	TBD	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0029-07-00	Legacy Application Managed Service	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	No mitigration plan for pandemic situation	A1.Program	B3.Dependency	C1.Dependency Tracking 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0029-07-00	Legacy Application Managed Service	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	Resource level single point of failure	A3.Team	B4.Unavailability of Resources	C1.Unavailability of Resources with Required Skills	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0029-07-00	Legacy Application Managed Service	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	Performance issue of the application	A2.Product	B11.Solution Approach	C4.Solution Alternatives	may affect the performance of the application the which needs to be replaced by the customer. This is an open risk which is accepted by customer.	the DGL application support may be affected	may impact the business continuity for the customer	"Informed customer stakeholders and provided DGL application replatforming proposal. Customer accepted this risk and the ownership. Due to the pipelined decommissioning plan of DGL application and due to budgetory concerns, customer is not taking any action now. So, closing the risk."	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0029-07-00	Legacy Application Managed Service	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	Vulnerabilities in DGL environment	A2.Product	B10.Product Software Security	C1.Vulnerability 	the application may unavailable frequently	the DGL application support may be affected	may impact the business continuity for the customer	"Informed customer stakeholders and provided DGL application replatforming proposal. Customer accepted this risk and the ownership. Due to the pipelined decommissioning plan of DGL application and due to budgetory concerns, customer is not taking any action now. So, closing the risk."	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0537-01-00	"INFRA: GNOC, OS, Backup & Stor"	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Risk in Managing End of Life products	A2.Product	B10.Product Software Security	C1.Vulnerability 	"can be a significant risk to entire enterprise in terms of security to address vulnerabilities and threat, as these are not monitored and addressed by the incumbent vendors for finding fixes to address known issues"	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0537-01-00	"INFRA: GNOC, OS, Backup & Stor"	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Capacity Issue	A1.Program	B9.Stakeholder Dependency	C4.Contractual / Verbal Commitment 	can cause the performance issues and failures which is coming under customer scope. This is highlighted to customer stake holders and shared proposal to mitigate this risk.	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0537-01-00	"INFRA: GNOC, OS, Backup & Stor"	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Inventory Management -CMDB not available	A2.Product	B3.Design	C3.Performance / Volume Considerations 	as this may affect critical incident management to identify dependencies and root causes. This is escalated to customer and Customer is working on building a ServiceNow CMDB.	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	DANA Limited	"Dana Companies, Llc"	DANA-0537-01-00	"INFRA: GNOC, OS, Backup & Stor"	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Network devices not monitored	A4.Infrastructure	B2.Software	C6.Compliance 	and failures in firewall or any ISPs will not be noticed immediately which may affect the quick resolution of network outages and can in turn affect the monitoring.	Network devices and firewalls are managed by the customer.	Network devices and firewalls are managed by the customer.	Network devices and firewalls are managed by the customer.	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0297-01-00	WS Employer Services AMS	Application Maintenance Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Sonar code scan issues	A2.Product	B10.Product Software Security	C1.Vulnerability 	Code quality get affected	Poor code quality	Poor code quality	SonarQube was integrated recently to legacy code and it is known risk that the existing legacy code has many SonarQube defects. It was a planned decision to go PROD without fixing SonarQube defects to decommission the on-prem servers and the plan to address SonarQube was also Finalized. All SonarQube defects will be addressed on priority based in upcoming sprints. 	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0297-01-00	WS Employer Services AMS	Application Maintenance Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Dynamic code scan not done	A2.Product	B10.Product Software Security	C1.Vulnerability 	Vulnerabilities might get injected to production 	Defect leakage	Defect leakage	Dynamic scanning is managed by Equifax and Not in UST?s scope.	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0297-01-00	WS Employer Services AMS	Application Maintenance Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Onboarding time	A1.Program	B9.Stakeholder Dependency	C5.Timeliness of Partner deliverables	Loss of revenue	Schedule might get impacted	Committed project release date to the Equifax customer might get impacted	Get exception approvals as required from Equifax	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0297-01-00	WS Employer Services AMS	Application Maintenance Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Sonar code scan issues are high 	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C1.Outstanding Issues / Clarifications 	Affects the code quality	Code quality of the application	Code quality of the application	The high count of sonar issues is attributed to legacy code which forms the core of the application   which are addressing in small prioritized chunks	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0297-01-00	WS Employer Services AMS	Application Maintenance Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Dynamic code scan not observed 	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C1.Outstanding Issues / Clarifications 	Fails to detect the vulnerability at an early phase of the development life cycle	Fails to detect the vulnerability at an early phase of the development life cycle	Fails to detect the vulnerability at an early phase of the development life cycle	Establish the Dynamic Code scan	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0297-01-00	WS Employer Services AMS	Application Maintenance Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Long process by EFX for onboarding resources	A3.Team	B4.Unavailability of Resources	C1.Unavailability of Resources with Required Skills	risking the early revenue.	risking the early revenue.	NA	highlight the criticality of resource requirement in advance 	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0452-01-00	Equifax Infra Offshore NOC Sup	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Networking & OS	No	CMDB not integrated with ITSM Tool	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C2.Status Reporting 	Prevents the tracking of incidents history associated with devices.	Prevents the tracking of incidents history associated with devices of devices and RCA.	Prevents the tracking of incidents history associated with devices of devices and RCA.	CMDB & ServiceNow is owned by Equifax and need to take it up with Equifax.	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0452-01-00	Equifax Infra Offshore NOC Sup	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Networking & OS	No	The SLA for Change execution	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	Reports will reflect higher duration for change execution	Higher execution time and affects the agreed SLAs	NA	Need to take it up with customer for excluding hte same while considering SLAs	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0480-01-00	Equifax EWS AE UPS Squad-SOW29	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	"Sonar and Fortify scans are performed, however, it is not mandated to address all open issues,"	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C1.Outstanding Issues / Clarifications 	Security issues will remain in application	Vulnerabilities will exist in the applications	Application securities	This attributed to legacy code which forms the core of the application. Currently blocker issues are being addressed and sonar vulnerabilities are getting reduced	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0480-01-00	Equifax EWS AE UPS Squad-SOW29	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	65% of automation index would result in limited test coverage.	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C7.Regression Automation 	limited test coverage.	limited test coverage.	limited test coverage.	Increase the  automation index	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0480-01-00	Equifax EWS AE UPS Squad-SOW29	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	"Requirement discussions take multiple iterations to get clarified,"	A1.Program	B12.Estimation	C6.Project Management Effort	consuming additional time for requirement elaboration/analysis.	Additional effort from Project team	Planned deliverables	PM to update the plan	DM Review									
UK	Experian Holdings Ltd	Experian UK	EXHL-0011-01-00	Bundle 1a (Team Size 24)	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Mainframe	No	No RCA for all P2 issue or all recuring issues handled	A1.Program	B6.Quality	C1.Reviews 	No permanent fix available or RCA	No permanent fix or RCA avaialble and can cause more frequent incidents	Frequent incidents	Prepare RCA for all recurring issues and P2 issues	DM Review									
UK	Experian Holdings Ltd	Experian UK	EXHL-0011-01-00	Bundle 1a (Team Size 24)	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	Joint Managed	Mainframe	No	Talent refresh happening frequently	A3.Team	B1.Expertise	C1.Domain Expertise 	"Affects  faster resolution,lacks system knowledge and maturity"	"Affects  faster resolution,lacks system knowledge and maturity"	SLA/MTTR	Increase the duration of talent refresh	DM Review									
Retail	H.E. Butt Grocery Company	H.E. Butt Grocery Company	HEBG-0006-04-22	HEB Production Support ODC FY	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	Resource underutilization	A3.Team	B6.Resource Mix	C3.Role Requirements and Mapping	Resource attrition	Planned deliverables	[To be updated by PM]	"[To be updated by PM] To avoid this and key resource dependencies, talent refresh and cross skilling is required in a regular manner."	DM Review									
Retail	H.E. Butt Grocery Company	H.E. Butt Grocery Company	HEBG-0006-04-22	HEB Production Support ODC FY	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	Problem backlog not getting reduced month on month	A2.Product	B11.Solution Approach	C4.Solution Alternatives	which may affect the system/application performance in long term and need to have plan on to reduce the same.	Application performance/reliability	[To be updated by PM]	[To be updated by PM]	DM Review									
UK	Hiscox Underwriting Group Services Limit	Hiscox	HISO-0019-03-00	Phoenix Application developmen	Agile Development Solution	Joint Managed	Others	No	"Due to old technology, attrition or change in scope is  difficult to manage."	A3.Team	B1.Expertise	C3.Programming Expertise 	difficult to get qualified resources. 	Delay in planned deliverables	Delay in planned deliverables	Create talent pool with same domain knowledge	DM Review									
UK	Hiscox Underwriting Group Services Limit	Hiscox	HISO-0019-03-00	Phoenix Application developmen	Agile Development Solution	Joint Managed	Others	No	Test coverage	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C7.Regression Automation 	May result in test coverage issues at certain stage of the project.esult in test coverage issues at certain stage of the project.	test coverage issues at certain stage of the project.	test coverage issues at certain stage of the project.	Automate the regression testing	DM Review									
UK	Hiscox Underwriting Group Services Limit	Hiscox	HISO-0019-03-00	Phoenix Application developmen	Agile Development Solution	Joint Managed	Others	No	GDPR Compliance	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Result in GDPR compliance	Result in GDPR compliance	Result in GDPR compliance	Automate the same to avoid manual intervention	DM Review									
UK	Hiscox Underwriting Group Services Limit	Hiscox	HISO-0019-03-00	Phoenix Application developmen	Agile Development Solution	Joint Managed	Others	No	Silent defects in legacy applications can cause  spike in deffects during particular releases.	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C1.Outstanding Issues / Clarifications 	Can cause spikes in deffects during particular releases.	Spikes in deffects in releases	Spikes in deffects in releases	Need to  have retrospection on legacy application	DM Review									
India Strategic	Muthoot Fincorp Limited	Muthoot	MUTH-0004-02-00	Gold Loan Application	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	UST don?t have visibility to the way customer is doing the UAT testing	A1.Program	B9.Stakeholder Dependency	C1.Timelines and/or Quality of Reviews and/or Signoffs 	Shall bring up unexpected issues that may impact the UAT schedule and acceptance.	"Delay UAT,rework & signoff"	Delay in  sign off	Get the details of UAT from customer	DM Review									
India Strategic	Muthoot Fincorp Limited	Muthoot	MUTH-0004-02-00	Gold Loan Application	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	Single point of failure not factored in the management process to ensure no impact if any critical resource released/resigned.	A3.Team	B6.Resource Mix	C1.Team Structure	dependency with key reources	Planned deliverables	Delay in delivery	Factor the single point of failure and  plan the backup resources	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0100-01-00	EBA L2	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	DW-BI-ETL	No	Risk on contract extension	A1.Program	B9.Stakeholder Dependency	C4.Contractual / Verbal Commitment 	there is a risk of competitor taking over the support engagement 	Possibilty of losing the contract	Contract with new vendor	"With the current engagement strength, probability for this risk is medium to low "	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0100-01-00	EBA L2	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	DW-BI-ETL	No	"Once the tech stack change happens, there is risk of margin and EBITDA reduction. "	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C1.Financials 	Reduction in EBITDA	Reduced margin	NA	Train the exisitng resources with new technology stack	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0100-01-00	EBA L2	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	DW-BI-ETL	No	Customer started measuring SLO which has more aggressive timeline and difficult to achieve	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Miss in SLOs	Service Credits	NA	Align the resources to meet the SLOs	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-01-00	GTM L2	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Scope of Services/activities to be performed and threshold values for each services are not defined	A1.Program	B2.Schedule	C4.Scope Coverage	Project might end up working beyond contract limitations which would affect the EBITDA percentage	EBITDA percentage will be impacted and resources will be overloaded	No impact to client	Shared the MSA/SOW contract details which has the threshold limit  	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-01-00	GTM L2	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Defined Fee at Risk not cascaed to all stakeholders	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Service credit may have to be paid back to client	EBITDA % of the project will be impacted	SLA's will be missed	Penalty calculations has been shared from MSA which is 10% across each domain for a Monthly recurring charge and 15% for not meeting the CPI's	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	 Production tickets RCA and QE metrics are not captured	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	which will not help us to determine the root cause of the issues and test coverage.	negatively impact quality of deliverable	negatively impact quality of deliverable	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Test Coverage	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C3.Functional Coverage 	would result in limited test coverage.	will impact quality of deliverable	will impact quality of deliverable	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	 Increasing Regression Size	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C7.Regression Automation 	may result in test coverage issues at certain stage of the project	will impact quality of deliverable	will impact quality of deliverable	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	 Test Data Management	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C2.Test Data 	would result in GDPR non-compliance.	Compliance issue (To be updated by PM)	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Scope Definition  	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	there is a potential contractual conflict scenario.  UST team maintains a good relationship with the customer leadership & is able to manage the situation. 	There is an opportunity to change the overall execution model as well. (To be updated by PM)	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Project renewals of every 3 months	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	introduces a factor of stress across team members and dependencies on customer. 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0101-03-00	GTM BCO for FY20	Agile Development Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Estimation is done in person hours instead of complexity	A1.Program	B1.Size and Effort	C1.Estimation 	this poses a risk in cases of variable expertise across different / new team members or if project expands to more than one team.	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0109-01-00	Engg L2 - ActiveIQ Platform an	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	Negative impact to EBITDA	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C1.Financials 	This can have a negative impact to EBITDA as more skilled associates are needed to manage the work.	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0109-01-00	Engg L2 - ActiveIQ Platform an	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	 Key resource dependency	A3.Team	B2.Knowledge	C1.Application Knowledge 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech1	"NetApp, Inc."	"NetApp, Inc."	NETP-0109-01-00	Engg L2 - ActiveIQ Platform an	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	 No monthly capping of tickets to resolve	A1.Program	B1.Size and Effort	C1.Estimation 	"As a result, If there is a spike in the ticket volume, it has to be managed by the addition of resources or by putting extra effort by the existing team members which can lead to additional cost."	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Other Semiconductor	Nokia	Nokia Solutions and Networks	NOKY-0186-01-00	Bharti Africa AM TBO	Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Others	No	Low EBITDA	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C1.Financials 	Low margin	"Can lead to negative margin ,if the trend continues due to higher cost to resources"	NA	Need to have a road map for increasing the net margin	DM Review									
FSG	State Auto Insurance Company	State Auto Insurance Company	STAI-0005-01-00	Apollo	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Service credits option on contract  is ambiguously written 	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	UST ends up on the receiving end on penalty	Service Credit while invoicing	N/A	Relook on the contract terms to correct the same	DM Review									
FSG	State Auto Insurance Company	State Auto Insurance Company	STAI-0005-01-00	Apollo	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Extention of service to 24X5 without CR	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Scope creep and additional effort 	Scope creep and additional effort required	NA	Limit the service as per contract or get an additional CR	DM Review									
FSG	State Auto Insurance Company	State Auto Insurance Company	STAI-0005-01-00	Apollo	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Critical resource mapping is not available.	A3.Team	B1.Expertise	C1.Domain Expertise 	Affects the deliverables if key resources put resignation	Agreed deliverables	Agreed deliverables	Identify the key resources and map the back up resources	DM Review									
FSG	State Auto Insurance Company	State Auto Insurance Company	STAI-0005-01-00	Apollo	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Pricing drop  due to ARC/RRC change in coming years.	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C1.Financials 	 This affects the EBITDA improvement.	EBITDA improvement.	N/A	Optimise on the resource loading/Explore the possibilities for automation or effort reduction	DM Review									
FSG	State Auto Insurance Company	State Auto Insurance Company	STAI-0005-01-00	Apollo	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Loading of additional onsite resources 	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C1.Financials 	 impacting % of net margin of the project. 	causing UST to source additional resources at onsite which is impacting % of net margin of the project. 	N/A	Need to revisit the decision 	DM Review									
FSG	State Auto Insurance Company	State Auto Insurance Company	STAI-0009-01-00	State Auto Infra -Enterprise D	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Defined SLAs are not there in report .	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	SLA breaches	SLA breaches	SLA breaches	 Add such metrics could improve the visibility of team performance.	DM Review									
Telecom 1	"T-Mobile USA, Inc"	T Mobile	TMBL-0023-03-01	App Security Orchestration & A	Agile Development Solution	Joint Managed	Java	No	Nonfunctional testing isn?t performed on a regular basis.	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C4.NFR Testing 	Missing NFRs 	Failure in providing agreed NFRs	Expected NFRs in environment	Plan and conduct the NFRs and its testing on a regular basis.	DM Review									
Telecom 1	"T-Mobile USA, Inc"	T Mobile	TMBL-0023-03-01	App Security Orchestration & A	Agile Development Solution	Joint Managed	Java	No	Security testing comes at the tail end of the release process leading to a rushed finish may affect the quality deliverables	A2.Product	B10.Product Software Security	C1.Vulnerability 	Affects the quality of the deliverables due to rushed finish	Quality deliverables	Quality security testing	"Follow up T-Mobile Management on the importance of App Sec testing, so our team is involved ahead even during requirements/design phases to enable quality testing from our side."	DM Review									
UTC	UTC Otis Elevators	UTC Otis Elevators	UTCO-0002-03-00	OTIS - NE CRM Global Template	Iterative Development Solution	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	 Contractual commitments on System Application Performance are not tracked and reported	A1.Program	B2.Schedule	C4.Scope Coverage	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-00	Vanguard Charitable: Managed S	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	DW-BI - Reporting	No	 AllÿKPIsÿrelated to SLAs are not captured/tracked	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C2.Acceptance Criteria 	SLA  violation	SLA breaches	Application availabilty 	Track all the KPIs related to SLAs	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-00	Vanguard Charitable: Managed S	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	DW-BI - Reporting	No	Ticket backlogs are not getting reduced which may affect application performance	A3.Team	B4.Unavailability of Resources	C1.Unavailability of Resources with Required Skills	Application performance	Application performance/reliability	End user experience	"VC needs to prioritizeÿtheÿ ProblemÿManagement or need to add additional scope/FTE for fixing the same
"	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-00	Vanguard Charitable: Managed S	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	DW-BI - Reporting	No	No SLAs available with third party vendors	A1.Program	B3.Dependency	C2.Governance 	"The UST team is not aware of the SLAs that the vendor teams have with VCÿandÿwhich indirectly affects the overall SLAs with UST.ÿ
"	SLA breaches	Application availabilty/performance	"Understand the SLAs  with VNGC & thirdparty vendor,"	DM Review									
UTC	UTC Otis Elevators	UTC Otis Elevators	UTCO-0048-01-00	My Mod Rule Engine	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	 Lack of knowledge and delay from vendor	A1.Program	B3.Dependency	C1.Dependency Tracking 	their overall delay and lack of business knowledge can hamper the complete program. 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
UTC	UTC Otis Elevators	UTC Otis Elevators	UTCO-0048-01-00	My Mod Rule Engine	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Microsoft	No	UAT Coverage	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C3.Functional Coverage 	due to which  Issues may occur in PROD 	Quality of the deliverable will get impacted 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Hitech2	"Global Payments Direct, Inc."	Global Payments Direct-CICSMOD	GPND-0003-01-00	GPN CICS Messaging Modernizati	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Java	No	DO_Risk on Security	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C4.NFR Testing 	May result in vulnerabilities when the services are invoked by external consumers	Tech debts related to vulnerability impacting quality of deliverables and timelines	Tech debts related to vulnerability impacting quality of deliverables and timelines	PM to update	DM Review									
India	Cinesoft	Cinesoft	CISF-0001-01-00	Online Store	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Others	No	DO - Missing Opportunity of market share	A1.Program	B3.Dependency	C1.Dependency Tracking 	Schedule Delay	"Schedule Delay, Revenue Impact"	Delay in product launch and Not meeting milestones	"Streamline the process, get Cinesoft accountable for the deadlines. Involve stakeholder from both parties. Continue regular follow-ups with vendor and team coordination. "	DM Review									
India	Cinesoft	Cinesoft	CISF-0001-01-00	Online Store	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Others	No	DO - Schedule Delay Risk - Web Version	A1.Program	B2.Schedule	C3.Critical Path 	Impact in revenue forecast as per SOW.	"Schedule delay, Revenue Loss"	Revenue Impact	Work closely with vendor teams to pull the project on track. Review the project after the go-live (beyond soft launch) and track the vendor onboarding and revenues.	DM Review									
India	Cinesoft	Cinesoft	CISF-0001-01-00	Online Store	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Others	No	No quality gates set with vendor	A1.Program	B6.Quality	C2.Defect Management 	affects the quality of agreed deliverables from vendor	Affects the quality of agreed deliverables from vendor	affects the quality of agreed deliverables from vendor	"Quality gates to be set with vendor and also code coverage through SonarQube reports, unit test results, defects data to be requested from customer."	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-07	VC MSP Extension: AMS & Infras	Maintenance and Production Support	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Not be able to present the committed metricsÿdue to the limitations in ITSM tool	A4.Infrastructure	B2.Software	C4.Feature Limitations 	Team might not be able to present the committed metricsÿdue to this.ÿ	Not able to present the requird KPIs with client	Tracking the required KPIs	Migrate the ITSM tool to latest ones(ServiceNow/JIRA etc) or customise the existing application	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-07	VC MSP Extension: AMS & Infras	Maintenance and Production Support	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	No RCA for all reccurring incidents	A2.Product	B2.Analysis	C1.Functional Analysis 	no incidents will increase if RCA not identified	"Application avaialbilty,KPIs"	"Non avaialbilty of applications with end users,frequent issues"	do the RCA for all recurring incidents along with P1/P2 inidents	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-07	VC MSP Extension: AMS & Infras	Maintenance and Production Support	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	"Weak change management process,"	A2.Product	B1. Requirements	C10.Sign off / Baselined	 could lead to unauthorized changes in environment. 	"unauthorized changes in environment. and  a potential audit risk.ÿ
"	unauthorized changes in environment and  a potential audit risk.ÿ	Establish a automated Change Management process	DM Review									
FSG	Vanguard Charitable	Vanguard Charitable	VNGC-0866-01-07	VC MSP Extension: AMS & Infras	Maintenance and Production Support	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Noÿestablished ommunication process between Vanguard and vanguardÿcharitableÿwhen it comes to IT changes. 	A4.Infrastructure	B1.Hardware	C1.Availability 	 This leads to unplanned downtime.ÿ	Application availability	Availability of the application	Establish a regular meeting/communication plan with Vanguard/VNGC	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0647-01-00	Equifax EWS UC GCP Migration-S	Development	Joint Managed	Java	No	Scope of activities not clearly defined	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	"The planning is done on a quarterly basis. As the outcome of the PI planning, we will get the list of stories to be worked in the quarter. But still we are getting scope changes based on various factors (technical solution limitation in certain new scenario's, additional security requirements etc). We will come up with tracker with the list of scenario's / factors which caused a scope change and delay and review it with customer periodically."	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0647-01-00	Equifax EWS UC GCP Migration-S	Development	Joint Managed	Java	No	The project roadmap or release plans were unclear during the initial phase of the project	A1.Program	B1.Size and Effort	C1.Estimation 	To be updated	To be updated	To be updated	"The risk was there in the initial phase of the project (i.e Q1,2021). We are able to get a clarity on the scope later. On the WBS, we use a quarterly PI planning to arrive at stories and the details are available in JIRA"	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax - EWS	EQUF-0647-01-00	Equifax EWS UC GCP Migration-S	Development	Joint Managed	Java	No	Schedule delays not able to trace	A1.Program	B2.Schedule	C3.Critical Path 	To be updated	To be updated	To be updated	"Scheduled delay SLA is applicable for PROD deployment delays. 

As we have both UST & Customer resources in all roles (Dev, QE, PO, SRE) in all teams, it would be difficult to identify the exact owner for the delay in many scenario's - as teams are jointly working. We will come up with a tracker on different scenario's / causes of the delays and review that with customer periodically."	DM Review									
Manufacturing	Hanes Brands Inc	Hanes Brands Inc	HANE-0395-01-00	GDC -2021	Maintenance and Production Support	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	 key performance indicators not tracked	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	Hanes Brands Inc	Hanes Brands Inc	HANE-0395-01-00	GDC -2021	Maintenance and Production Support	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	The SLA definition is not articulated in the SOW 	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	Hanes Brands Inc	Hanes Brands Inc	HANE-0395-01-00	GDC -2021	Maintenance and Production Support	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	Metrics are not tracked based on each support area	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	this can result in escalation from customer as currently only overall 80% of the tickets created in same month are tracked	"This may result in missing of some high priority areas (For example, with regard to Finance GL closure, a defect created may have to be closed before a specific period, but current Metrics doesn?t catch these details)."	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	Hanes Brands Inc	Hanes Brands Inc	HANE-0395-01-00	GDC -2021	Maintenance and Production Support	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	 Scope not documented / no clear definition for minor/major enhancements 	A1.Program	B7.Methods	C1.Development Methodology 	To be updatd by PM	To be updatd by PM	To be updatd by PM	To be updatd by PM	DM Review									
Manufacturing	Hanes Brands Inc	Hanes Brands Inc	HANE-0395-01-00	GDC -2021	Maintenance and Production Support	Joint Managed	Microsoft	No	 BCP for singe resource area	A1.Program	B9.Stakeholder Dependency	C4.Contractual / Verbal Commitment 	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	To be updated by PM	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0195-01-14	USIS Telco Team-CB and 2021-Ex	Development - Agile	Joint Managed	Java	No	SLAs & all metrics are not tracked 	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	Can miss tracking of KPIs and SLA s	SLA breaches and tracking of  resource performance	SLA breaches	currently working based on the knowledge of the existing resource and priority list. Need to start tracking all KPIs 	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0195-01-14	USIS Telco Team-CB and 2021-Ex	Development - Agile	Joint Managed	Java	No	Environment access to the testers. 	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C1.Test Bed 	affects the testing	Timely completion of testing	Timely completion of testing	Client to ensure the access to testers in time.	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0195-01-14	USIS Telco Team-CB and 2021-Ex	Development - Agile	Joint Managed	Java	No	Sourcing challenges at offshore 	A3.Team	B6.Resource Mix	C1.Team Structure	 UST may end up holding existing people at onsite with lower bill rate. 	could impact the project margin	N/A	Hire the resources in time	DM Review									
Medium Payer Clust	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Ass	BBSA-0073-01-00	"Data Services : NDW,VBP & MMI"	Development - Agile	UST Managed	DW-BI - Others	No	Does not have sufficient test data in the lower environment.	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C2.Test Data 	Affects the testing and can lead due to production issues  	Can lead to production issuesa and penalties	Production issues	This is a typical BCBSA issue 	DM Review									
Medium Payer Clust	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Ass	BBSA-0073-01-00	"Data Services : NDW,VBP & MMI"	Development - Agile	UST Managed	DW-BI - Others	No	Acceptance criteria for the  user stories are not well defined	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C2.Acceptance Criteria 	Can cause rework and quality	Can cause rework and quality	Can cause rework and quality	Currently team is working with customer side Business System Analyst and Product Owner to define the stories with Acceptance Criteria.	DM Review									
Medium Payer Clust	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Ass	BBSA-0073-01-00	"Data Services : NDW,VBP & MMI"	Development - Agile	UST Managed	DW-BI - Others	No	No Proper UAT testing as UAT environment is not set up properly	A2.Product	B9.Quality	C2.Acceptance Criteria 	"Can cause rework,additional effort and quality"	"Can cause rework,additional effort and quality"	"Can cause rework,additional effort and quality"	UST team to work with customer to setup the proper UAT environment with sufficient test data to cover the UAT test scenarios	DM Review									
Medium Payer Clust	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association	Blue Cross and Blue Shield Ass	BBSA-0073-01-00	"Data Services : NDW,VBP & MMI"	Development - Agile	UST Managed	DW-BI - Others	No	SLA miss in one project would impact the SLA across the Account.	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	SLA miss and service credit	SLA breaches and Service credits	N/A	"To revisit the contract,avoid SLA misses"	DM Review									
Retail1	Walmart - EIM / Data	Walmart - EIM / Data	WALM-1091-01-00	Support International Data Lak	Production Support	UST Managed	DW-BI-ETL	No	Unpredictable pattern in the work volume posesÿchallenges in the effective  planning of resources	A1.Program	B1.Size and Effort	C1.Estimation 	SLA breaches can happen  and manpower diamensioning affects	SLA breaches	Service Availability	Introduce monthly capping for tickets handling	DM Review									
Retail1	Walmart - EIM / Data	Walmart - EIM / Data	WALM-1091-01-00	Support International Data Lak	Production Support	UST Managed	DW-BI-ETL	No	Problem  Management and processesÿstabilization delaying due to dependency with other teams	A1.Program	B3.Dependency	C1.Dependency Tracking 	Delay the entire incident reduction process and processes stabilization	Process stabiliastion and permananet fix to resolution	Process stabilisation and application availability	Highlight and actions to be planned for avoiding dependency with other team	DM Review									
New Business - AM	LoanDepot.com LLC	LoanDepot	LODP-0001-01-00	loanDepot - Command Center	IMS	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Cuurent SLA is below than committed SLA	A1.Program	B8.Monitoring and Control	C1.Metrics 	SLA breaches	SLA breaches	Agreed SLA deviation from UST	Revisiting the SOW based on actuals	DM Review									
New Business - AM	LoanDepot.com LLC	LoanDepot	LODP-0001-01-00	loanDepot - Command Center	IMS	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Phase 2 transition progress is delayed 	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Delays the invoicing	Financials	Transition and support	"Following up with them. Shared SOPs to them in the months of Aug?21. On 23 Sep, loanDeopt platform team has come back to us with a promise that they will look into the SOPs and share feedback and discuss next steps"	DM Review									
New Business - AM	LoanDepot.com LLC	LoanDepot	LODP-0001-01-00	loanDepot - Command Center	IMS	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Currently performs only catch and dispatch for incident management and no evidence on  customer concurrence/ scope change document	A1.Program	B11.Operations	C2.Contracts 	Contract obligation.	Contractual obligations	Contractual obligations	Gone  live partially with network support for network circuit support from 15th Sep and response/resolution SLAs are being shared to customer in weekly reports. CR will be prepared for the current deviations in timelines/delivery and taken forward with customer]	DM Review									
Maersk	Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp d/b/a Incor	Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp.	WSCO-0041-01-00	Incora Infrastructure Services	IMS	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	Legacy environments are running on outdated OS 	A4.Infrastructure	B2.Software	C6.Compliance 	affects the application performance and  SLAs 	Frequent incidents and SLA breaches	Frequent incidents and SLA breaches	Team is working with customer SMEs to get this upgraded to latest OS.	DM Review									
Maersk	Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp d/b/a Incor	Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp.	WSCO-0041-01-00	Incora Infrastructure Services	IMS	UST Managed	Infrastructure	No	CMDB not available	A1.Program	B5.Tools	C1.Engineering Tools 	Affects the effective inventory management and the history of incidents assosciated with each devices	Affects the effective inventory management 	Affects the effective inventory management 	Customer to provide the same 	DM Review									
Maersk	Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp d/b/a Incor	Wesco Aircraft	WSCO-0020-01-00	Incora Application Management	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	"ITSM tool not capturing values which are needed for the SLAs defined in the contract, team might not be able to present the committed metrics"	A1.Program	B5.Tools	C2.PM Tools 	Tteam not be able to present the committed metrics	Agreed SLA commitments	Service  availabilty and support to end users	Get configured the required metrics in th etool	DM Review									
Maersk	Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp d/b/a Incor	Wesco Aircraft	WSCO-0020-01-00	Incora Application Management	Application Managment and Production Support Solution	UST Managed	Java	No	? Knowledge management  when newer applications are getting added to the support scope.	A3.Team	B2.Knowledge	C1.Application Knowledge 	When newer applications are getting added to the support scope.	Issue resolution	Incident resolution	Get the adequate document from customer or prepare the KT document before applications are getting added to the scope	DM Review									
Retail1	Safeway Inc	Safeway	SAFE-1371-01-00	26048 Produce QCR	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Java	No	Automation of Regression Suite as per SOW	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C7.Regression Automation 	May not meet the contract obligations	contract obligations	contract obligations	Do the complete automation of regression suite	DM Review									
Retail1	Safeway Inc	Safeway	SAFE-1371-01-00	26048 Produce QCR	Development - Agile	UST Managed	Java	No	Nonfunctional requirements and the expected performance testing are not started in the new system	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C4.NFR Testing 	Committed NFRs may not be able to deliver	Committed NFRs may not be able to deliver	Committed NFRs may not be able to deliver	Awaiting the approval from the customer for the performance test strategy shared.	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0718-01-00	Equifax USIS CMS Migration-Pha	Development	UST Managed	Java	No	Delay in POC delivery for testing	A1.Program	B2.Schedule	C7.Task Dependencies	will impact the test delivery schedule of UST. Review the schedule and decide further course of actions to mitigate this risk.	Dealy in schedule & delivery	PM to update	PM to update	DM Review									
CAP	Equifax Inc.	Equifax-USIS	EQUF-0718-01-00	Equifax USIS CMS Migration-Pha	Development	UST Managed	Java	No	Evolving tool	A2.Product	B7.Testing	C3.Functional Coverage 	May alter the expected outcomes of the types of files tested before the comparison tool enhancement. 	Quality of  testing	PM to update	PM to update	DM Review									
																										
